# CodeCoverageConspiracy

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.0.6.

## Development server

Run `npm run start` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Running tests

Run `ng run test` to execute the tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

# Code Coverage (The Conspiracy!!)

Run `npm run test:coverage` to run code coverage.

See the terrible, scandelous lies that Jasmine, Cobertura and the Angular TestBed feed you! The only tests here are 6 `should create` tests generated by the Angular CLI. With that, you get amazing code coverage!

- 88.43% Statements (107/121)
- 70.00% Branches (7/10)
- 84.62% Functions (33/39)
- 88.18% Lines (97/110)

Two components have 100% coverage, as does the model and **the model has no spec.**

## What's happening? Why does this happen?

- The Angular TedBed spools up the component and calls the template bindings as it runs through a component lifecycle check. Any function tied into the template that's not a response to an action (like `(click)`) gets called.
- Jasmine has no way to check that the code being executed is actually examined, so it can only tell Cobertura what lines got ran. Cobertura considers any line of code executed to be "covered".
- Thus, if you tie as many all of your functions into lifecycle hooks or template calls, ANgular will execute all of the code for you, and trick Jasmine & Cobertura into counting it.
